Coming into this class I was not sure what to expect. I was hopeful to learn about simple coding techniques and methods but besides that I was not really sure what else this class would do for me. In the beginning of the semester I set a couple goals for myself, the first being simply to understand how to code and learn the basic functions of python, build my own game and come away with something valuable from this class. I do believe I have grasped the basics of code through lectures as well as different coding websites. Although I did attempt to replicate as well as create my own game I ultimately failed, I wanted to replicate the offline game in chrome, The Dino Game but found myself with many setbacks. I instead ended up following a tutorial that helped me build it alongside ursina. I do think that I have come away with some valuable knowledge from this class but to be completely honest I enjoyed coding a lot but it was most definitely a bipolar relationship. In terms of what I accomplished I was able to learn how to establish coding environments as well as set up certain functions and learn the true infinite capabilities of code. Along with the lecture videos I followed tutorials on free code as well as having Charlie Pilc help me. I would say my time out of class tended to vary some weeks I’d spend 2-3 hours but some only 30 minutes. I do believe I should’ve applied myself more to this class because I do think that I could’ve taken more away from it had I done so. My goals in a sense devolved through the semester and in reflection I don't believe they were unattainable but I should have applied myself more if I truly wanted to achieve. In discussing that I think that I failed to attain my goals in the sense that I wasn't fully present while coding. What I am by that is I believe I should have been more engaged in the actual code instead of just mindlessly following along. I definitely think that had I been fully engaged in each tutorial I would be a more proficient coder. I will say my failures in this class have definitely taught me to not be afraid to ask for help, which has been a problem of mine for awhile and not just in a classroom sense. This semester I struggled with mental health which isn’t something new but it seemed to be heightened. I've always been pretty clammed up when it comes to my own problems so I don’t really like to discuss or even confront them very often. I think that this class because of this narrative has inherently given me the time to do a little bit of self reflection and really evaluate who I am and how I need to deal with my problems. This circles me back to the learning portion of my failures. I have begun to understand that it is ok to not be ok but if I don’t ask for help then how am I supposed to learn not just mental health wise but also with problems I may face with work. I have learned that I need to communicate more and show instead of trying to fix everything myself. This class has definitely made me more educated. First off I have learned basic coding building blocks, a key skill to have for the future. With the continual integration of technology it will always be helpful to have these skills and even if I continue my life and do not find myself in a job that utilizes code at the least I understand how it works. I won’t attribute all of my realization of change needed to this class but I do believe that it has helped open my eyes to my own problems and given me a step forward into what I need to do to solve these problems. I do wish I had communicated more with you to create a better understanding and just so I was not on my own. Another area this class has helped me learn about myself is my overall drive. I have learned that I need to apply myself more, things are not just going to magically work out for me. I have to understand that if I want something to happen or get done I must be the catalyst for that to happen. I also have learned through this reflection and this class that I need to develop some structure and scheduling in my life. Back in highschool I excelled in practically everything I did and I believe that was partially due to the structure that highschool had so I think if I am able to replicate that I will see an improvement in most of the facets of my life. Another thing I learned this semester is the professor of a class really does matter. Through my time in the ISAT program there hasn’t been a teacher that I haven’t enjoyed having. They’ve all had a way to keep their classes engaging and enjoyable while also teaching material. This semester that changed unfortunately. I had Dr. Odumosu for ISAT 271 and just did not enjoy the class. I thought he was very unprofessional and unorganized as a teacher posting deadlines a day before something was due or not responding to emails. It was an unfortunate circumstance that definitely took away from the learning experience in the class. In terms of what I want to do with myself post college I have always had a passion for the environment. I am not yet sure where or doing what but I definitely want to be in that domain. I tend to be pretty indecisive and sporadic when it comes to decisions like that so it changes quite often. Coming into college I was a chemistry major, in high school I had quite the nac for it so it seemed like the smartest and easiest decision. After the first semester I knew right away that it was not for me but with covid it made it difficult to find what I wanted to do. I decided to switch to architecture fall of 2021. Trinity offered a lot in terms of electives especially in the art programs and I ended up taking art classes for all four years while I was there learning that it was also one of my passions. With that in mind along with the environment I decided to try architecture. I almost instantly hated this decision because I found learning in an online setting for art did not fit my learning style and in a sense none of the online classes did. I have found that I am way more engaged in-inperson settings where face to face connections are available. I also think that online classes have plenty more distractions and are less engaging. The following semester I decided to look for a new major, a couple of my neighbors were in the ISAT program so after discussion with them I chose to look more into that. After learning about the wide range of classes it really piqued my interest. I enjoy the sciences a lot so the wide range appealed to me. I have enjoyed it so far and I am looking forward to going more in depth with the environment and energy. To circle back to jobs for a while I considered environmental architecture. I really want to make the world a more sustainable place and I’d like to consider myself a pretty imaginative person, sometimes to my own downfall because I found myself living in my own head. That may still be an option but I'm truly open to anything right now. This summer I have an internship lined up with the DEQ in late July that should help me decide what I want to pursue. While writing this narrative I have been considering this question and what grade I deserve and to be honest I am not really sure. My attendance to group meetings was most definitely unsatisfactory and my lack of communication made it worse. I believe that I have learned some valuable coding skills and I was able to show those through my projects. While writing this I wanted to prove to myself that I could create code without the help of someone else or a tutorial. I wanted to see if I could create a program on my own. Nothing to fancy but something that could show that I really was able to take away some skills from this class. I decided I would create a program that would read my narrative in python. I know that it is not a huge accomplishment but I really did want to be able to prove to myself and I also think it shows I understand the basics of coding. I want to thank you for teaching this class and although I found it difficult to stay engaged I do think that the class was built well and was able to learn from it.
